[DOCS-7210] Datadog administrator's guide (#24988)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_owners_guide/_index.md

---
title: Datadog Service Owners Guide
description: Setup and implement Datadog as a Service owner to avoid pit-falls down the road
further_reading:
- link: "/getting_started/application/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Getting Started with Datadog"
---

## Welcome

> Datadog is a single observability platform that provides visibility into the health and performance of your underlying infrastructure, services, applications, and more. Its features and capabilities are vast and powerful, but it can be hard to know where to start or how to configure it optimally to fit your use case.

Reviewer: The second sentence I think can be removed

> Datadog is a single observability platform that provides visibility into the health and performance of your underlying infrastructure, services, applications, and more. Its features and capabilities are vast and powerful, but it can be hard to know where to start or how to configure it optimally to fit your use case.

Author: Will defer to @andrewlopinto on this as don't want to remove the meaning here but maybe it can be re-worded some.

> Datadog is a single observability platform that provides visibility into the health and performance of your underlying infrastructure, services, applications, and more. Its features and capabilities are vast and powerful, but it can be hard to know where to start or how to configure it optimally to fit your use case.

Author: fixed :)

> If you've been tasked with designing, implementing, and managing an enterprise-grade installation of Datadog, you've come to the right place. Not to be confused with our [documentation][1], this guide provides best practices, standards, and examples to help you set up a production environment that matches your workloads and deployment needs, while avoiding large pitfalls down the road.

Reviewer: I think `Not to be confused with` should be `In conjunction with`

> If you've been tasked with designing, implementing, and managing an enterprise-grade installation of Datadog, you've come to the right place. Not to be confused with our [documentation][1], this guide provides best practices, standards, and examples to help you set up a production environment that matches your workloads and deployment needs, while avoiding large pitfalls down the road.

Author: I like that, I'll re-word this.

Once you've followed this guide to implement Datadog to scale with your organization, you can start managing your product efficiently without worrying about hardware refreshes, OS patches, server updates, or cluster re-balance details. Instead, you can focus on the refinements, analytics, and the data that comes with a well-formed observability system.  

## How to use this guide

> This guide is organized into three sections that provide important concepts, plans, tasks, and structures to create and streamline your Datadog ownership experience:

Reviewer: I like this breakdown

---
title: Datadog Service Owners Guide
description: Setup and implement Datadog as a Service owner to avoid pit-falls down the road
further_reading:
- link: "/getting_started/application/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Getting Started with Datadog"
---

## Welcome

> Datadog is a single observability platform that provides visibility into the health and performance of your underlying infrastructure, services, applications, and more. Its features and capabilities are vast and powerful, but it can be hard to know where to start or how to configure it optimally to fit your use case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Datadog is a single observability platform that provides visibility into the health and performance of your underlying infrastructure, services, applications, and more. If you're responsible for designing, implementing, and managing an enterprise-grade Datadog installation and need guidance, you're in the right place. Alongside our [documentation][1], this guide provides best practices, standards, and examples to help you optimally configure a production environment tailored to your workloads and deployment needs, while avoiding future pitfalls.
```

> If you've been tasked with designing, implementing, and managing an enterprise-grade installation of Datadog, you've come to the right place. In conjunction with our [documentation][1], this guide provides best practices, standards, and examples to help you set up a production environment that matches your workloads and deployment needs, while avoiding large pitfalls down the road.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## How to use this guide

This guide is organized into three sections that provide important concepts, plans, tasks, and structures to create and streamline your Datadog ownership experience:

* **[Plan][2]**: Learn the parts of Datadog that are important to your use case, build a knowledge base, develop some practical experience, plan your implementation, and utilize best practices when configuring your observability platform.  
* **[Build][3]**: Understand what needs to be installed and the best way to get it done so you can implement a Datadog environment that is best suited to your needs.  
* **[Run][4]**: Execute the internal and external tasks to maintain the Datadog service, maximize its power, and manage ongoing support.

{{< img src="/service_owners_guide/plan_build_run_2.png" alt="Diagram of the plan, build, and run phases" style="width:80%;">}}

## Next Steps

> Throughout this guide you will learn how to maximize the value of Datadog by exploring a knowledge-base, experiment with the product, and create an implementation design. To get started using the Datadog Service Owners Guide, review the [Overview page][5] to view information on interacting with Datadog Support, sign up for free Datadog training courses, and learn how to create a test environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Throughout this guide you will learn how to maximize the value of Datadog by exploring the Datadog documentation, experiment with the product, and create an implementation design. To get started using the Datadog Service Owners Guide, review the [Overview page][5] to see information on interacting with Datadog Support, sign up for free Datadog training courses, and learn how to create a test environment.
```
